Okay,
guys,
congratulations.
You did it.
You made it to the end of the beginner section of Excel.
From zero to hero,
you've learned an awful lot of very useful skills.
They're going to take you a long way in your journey in Excel Atlanta toe Open Excel,
which is a very useful skill toe have indeed you managed to build a table.
You built simple formulas you've learned here to build complex formulas you've learned here
to print your work.
And you've built simple charts offer the data that you already entered.
Now I plan to release three levels of this course in all does the beginner's level,
which you just completed.
Wilder.
There will be level two,
which will be for intermediate and advanced users.
If you really want to supercharge your excel skills on level three will be be be a
programming.
And this goes way beyond the simple recording of macros,
which will cover in section two on this will teach your hair to build full blown
applications in Microsoft Excel,
which is a very useful skill to have indeed.
Okay,
now,
if you really want to get streets ahead of everyone that using excel,
the urine already master the keyboard shortcuts.
And to that end of created the next section,
which is the bonus section to this part of the course,
which will give you some simple ways to remember all of the keyboard shortcuts.
Seriously,
I recommend just dedicating a few minutes each day to master and a couple of these and
you'll be wizened around,
excel like a professional.
I hope you've enjoyed it so far onto the bonus section,
and I'll see you in the next course.